HP's new web-enabled printers that uses
send print jobs from anywhere in the
world via email
we tried printing a photo from an iPhone
and after eventually merging to type in
the printers complicated email address
we sent off the email around a minute
later the photo printed out then about a
minute after that will you received an
SMS saying the print job had been
successfully received by the HP
eprintcenter
adding Internet connectivity to its
printers is also allowed HP to add
support for printer apps as you can see
here the interface is navigated using a
touchscreen and users can browse and
download apps from Internet without the
need for a PC at all obviously you need
an internet connection though there are
a variety of companies who have already
developed apps and HP will release an
SDK and an open API to attract more
developers these APIs can pull fresh
content from the web either to print out
straight away or at a pre scheduled time
the Crayola app here was we can see can
be set to print out activities just
before the kids get home from school for
example
and you can see just how easy the
interfaces to use
you